Beautiful day.
I heard it was an amazing view, but... wow.
Don't mind me.
Be on my way in a minute.
I saw the memorial back there.
- Is that--
- I'm not talking about it.
Okay.
I'm Richard.
And you?
Look, you're really making me nervous.
If you're not gonna step back,
why don't you at least tell me your name?
I know you want to be alone.
I wanted to be alone too.
Why do you think I'm out here
before the bears are even awake?
Look, I...
I don't need you
to tell me your life story.
I don't need you to hurt
any less than you already do.
I just want you to put a little space
between yourself and the--
You're not gonna stop me.
I used to be a car guy,
even when I couldn't afford it.
Back in grad school,
I had this beautiful little Integra
and, man, I babied that thing.
"Where's this headed?" she thinks.
It's headed straight into a brick wall.
Week before graduation,
totaled the Integra.
Worst part was Chloe and I
were arguing just before the crash.
I don't wanna tell you
what my last words to her were.
I'm sorry.
That's what everyone says.
They had me in traction.
Couldn't move for two months,
two weeks, and four days.
Trapped in a hospital bed
when all I wanted to do was
run as far away from myself
as I could get.
And all that time, anyone who came
to visit, all they could say to me was...
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Like, don't you know any other words?
Ugh, I just don't bother saying anything.
Right. Just leave the casserole
and get the hell out of my house.
My husband was carving
our initials in the tree.
My son was looking for sticks
so he could roast marshmallows.
He said he could find all three in under
a minute, and I bet him he couldn't.
And I just went on gathering wildflowers.
We didn't even hear him when he...
The world takes what it wants.
I wish
it would've taken me instead.
Oh God.
The part I hate the most is that I...
I haven't been able to cry.
I want to, but I...
I'm broken.
Broken doesn't have to mean...
hopeless.
Well...
...it wasn't exactly a pleasure,
but it was nice to meet you.
Iris.
I'm not gonna try to change
what you do next, Iris.
But like I said...
...it really is a beautiful day.
I'm not such a car guy anymore [chuckles].
Well, Richard, um...
I guess this is goodbye.
You're not gonna wait for me
to drive away so you can go back there?
Not today.
I'll take today.
Looks like I blocked you in.
Looks like.
Sorry.
Expecting rain?
You can never be too prepared, you know?
Uh, it's okay. I can, um, go around.
Of course.
- Richard.
- Why do you keep calling me that?
Please, go through the process.
Everybody does.
But there is no red dot.
And that means no cellular.
And that means no emergency SOS.
Too bad your phone isn't nearby.
If only there was
a trusted Wi-Fi connection.
My husband will be looking for me.
I'd certainly hope so.
Please don't do this.
"Please don't do this.
Don't hurt me. I have children."
What can I say, Iris?
Wrong place, right time.
Oh, that reminds me.
Brought you something.
Tell me about Chloe.
Tell me about your boy.
What was his name?
It's Mateo.
Why not Matthew?
Why not Charlie? It's a name.
Fair.
And Chloe, was she pretty?
Very.
You remind me of her.
How did you meet?
I know what you're doing.
Trying to soften me up.
You're not the first.
I just want us to be on the level. Okay?
Like you were on the level
with me earlier?
I may have deceived you,
but I speak my truth.
Okay, Richard.
Speak your truth.
I have a small place out in the woods.
What are you gonna do to me
when we get there?
I wanna braid your hair.
The fuck you are.
Stop! Stop!
- Help!
- It couldn't have been more perfect.
The setting, the isolation, the timing.
Stay the fuck away from me.
And I go and mess it up
by not checking your pockets.
I said stay away.
- Help!
- It must be something about you.
Then again,
there must be something about me.
Half an hour ago,
you were ready to end it all.
- Now look at you.
- Fuck you.
Have you started to feel it yet?
Feel what?
Might be hard to tell at this point
given what we've been through.
- What the fuck are you talking about?
- System redundancy.
Like on an airplane, everything has
a backup, even the toilet flushers.
But when you're flying at 40,000 feet,
you can never be too prepared.
What is that?
We're flying at 40,000 feet, Iris.
What did you do to me?
Your body is going to shut down soon.
You poisoned me?
Not poisoned.
Just a special relaxant
to make things easier on both of us.
You're crazy.
I'd be crazy not to.
- Help!
- You keep saying that.
Once it kicks in,
you have about 20 minutes
before you're completely paralyzed.
At minute one,
your fine motor skills will start to go.
Dialing a phone,
holding a knife, that kind of thing.
At minute ten,
your legs will begin tingling.
That means
your gross motor skills are next.
Minute 15,
your legs will give out altogether.
Eighteen, your breathing
will become labored.
And just before everything
shuts down on you,
your voice.
Shall we?
Running is only gonna make it work faster.
Shit.
Have your fingers started to go?
Fuck.
One, two, three, four.
One, two--
One, two...
...three, four.
Really good.
One...
Two.
Lasts about an hour.
Then we'll have
the whole weekend together.
One, two, three...
Fuck.
Okay, 20 minutes.
Okay.
Oh, no. Come on.
Come on.
Three minutes. Three minutes.
Hope you found a good hiding place!
You won't be able to swim.
You okay?
Miss.
Can you hear me?
How did you...?
How did you get all the way out here? You...
You fall out of a kayak or something?
Can you talk?
Hell...
I'm gonna roll you over.
Okay?
Hang on.
Hm.
So, you can see me.
Wait, do that again.
So, you can hear me.
Okay.
Are... are you able to move at all?
No.
You can see. You can hear.
You can't move.
You can't talk. Am I right?
Are you hurt?
That's good.
I'm gonna take you inside, call 911, okay?
Sit tight.
My knees ain't what they used to be.
Didn't have this on today's bingo card,
that's for sure.
Oh, thank God. Thank God. I...
I was in a car accident.
I can't find my wife. I don't--
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Slow down there.
Take a breath.
It just happened so fast.
She was acting normal and then she just--
Have you seen her?
She's... She's... five-six. She's pretty.
Uh, I'm bleeding.
Sit tight.
I'll get you some help.
Hey.
I asked you to stay put.
I'm sorry. I don't feel well.
You mind?
I'm confused, okay? I...
I don't even remember how I got here.
Listen, man, I'll help you,
but I'm gonna help you on my terms,
and those terms are
we take this back outside.
Can I use your phone?
I lost mine in the accident.
Come on. I'll help you up.
I ju--
I just need to rest for one second.
I can call 911,
ask for help finding your wife.
Or I can call 911 and tell 'em
I have an intruder in my home.
Uh...
Oh, come on, man.
You don't need to do that.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm just so through with everything.
If you wanna call, just call them.
They'll take her away from me,
but there's nothing
I can do about that now, is there?
If you'd like to make a call,
please hang up and try--
What's your name?
Andrew [sniffs].
Okay, Andrew.
- Talk.
- Oh, thank you.
She's always struggled
with her mental health, but it just...
it's gotten so much worse lately.
Just... accusing me of terrible things.
Untrue things.
We bring the cops in, there's no way
I'll be able to hide it from her family.
They'll have her committed again.
She's my wife, you know?
I... I can't lose her.
And here I've literally lost her.
What's her name?
Chloe.
I shouldn't have let her drive
in the first place,
but her independence
is so important to her.
We were arguing.
You know, the roads here are hard enough
to navigate when you're not distracted.
She hates when I yell, but...
she said she was leaving me,
and I just got so...
scared.
I did. I yelled at her,
and... and... she floored it, and... and...
That's the last thing I remember.
When I came to, she was just gone.
I don't know if she's disoriented
or about to have another episode.
See, when she's really bad,
she goes catatonic.
Catatonic?
She locks up.
Refuses to move, refuses to talk.
That sounds complicated.
Do you have someone in your life?
I don't talk about it.
Neither do I.
I think that's always been my problem.
She had a heart attack.
All those years,
she hounded me about what I ate,
how much I sat,
how I let my anger lead,
and I solved problems with my fists.
And all the while, she--
We were so focused on me,
we forgot to pay any attention to her.
The world takes what it wants.
Hm.
You love your wife?
More than you know.
Are you just gonna accept this?
You're just gonna
let them take her away from you?
- I don't think I am.
- Good.
I haven't been straight with you.
No?
In what way?
You were saying?
You said you lost your phone.
Did I?
In the wreck.
Uh.
I'm still a bit out of it.
Well...
Those woods are a big place.
Better get to looking.
No, no, no. What did you have to tell me?
Nothing.
Tell me something, William.
How do you know my name?
I read it on your mail.
Do you always do heavy gardening
in the kitchen?
Where is she?
Sorry, I...
would've told you sooner.
I just didn't know what the hell to do.
Where?
I would like the two of you
to leave now.
I'll forget any of this ever happened.
Tell me.
In the shed.
Out back.
Took a wheelbarrow out to make room.
Saw you walking up and...
just plumb
brought the damn thing in with me.
Bullshit.
It's the truth.
Well, we can find that out
pretty easily, can't we?
Take a look.
Give me the phone first.
Sure thing.
They'll never get here in time.
You think I'm afraid of you?
You are monopolizing
an already pretty busy fucking day,
you know that?
Yeah. There's a man in my house,
and I'm pretty sure he means to hurt me.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
I'm gonna kill you.
Stay down.
Stay down!
I don't know what I'm gonna do.
What would she make of you, Bill?
Your wife.
After all that work she put in taming you,
teaching you
to control your anger.
It'd probably give her
another heart attack.
Shut your mouth!
Sir, if you can hear me,
we're sending someone now.
There's a couple of units on the way.
Please hang on.
Sir, if you're there, say something.
You see what you made me do?
I've never killed a man before.
But there's a first time
for everything, right?
Hello?
Dad, I've been trying to call you
all morning.
Hey, sweetie. How are you?
Got my report card today.
Oh, yeah? How'd you do?
All A's and one B.
Wow. Wow. That is...
That is all amazings
and one berry [laughs].
Mom says we can celebrate
at breakfast tomorrow.
Oh, not tomorrow, honey. I'm, uh...
I don't get back till, uh, Sunday night.
That's okay.
Mom says we're coming up to the cabin.
Dad?
Well, that's wonderful news.
Uh, can you put your mom on the phone?
Okay. Bye!
Hey, sorry about Miss Chatterbox.
You're not coming up, are you?
I know these weekends
are very important to you, but--
No buts, Lizzie. You know if you want me
to be the best version of myself,
I need this time away.
Except these times away
keep happening more and more lately.
Look, Olivia needs a change of scenery,
and I need a co-parent,
so sorry if we have to cut into
your mountain bachelor weekend,
but we're coming up.
You're right.
I'm sorry. I'm being selfish.
Come up! Come up! Uh...
And hey, uh, yeah,
put the... put the camping gear in the car.
We'll... we'll make it a whole thing.
Okay? Gotta celebrate this report card.
Great! Should be there about 10:00.
- Love you.
- Love you too.
See you at 10:00.
What are you doing?
You don't wander off like that.
Do you hear me?
I just wanted to say hello.
Okay, well, just don't...
don't do it again. Okay?
Oh.
Good old Bill.
Oh!
Am I happy to see you!
Mornin'.
Got a call about this truck.
Someone in need of assistance.
Must be some kind of mistake.
Yeah, they did provide the plate number.
- You mind if I talk to your passenger?
- Uh...
Sir, I need to ensure she's responsive.
You and me both [grunts].
Oh, yeah? How's that?
My wife is drunk.
At this time of the morning?
These days,
it's around the clock.
You been drinking too?
I don't touch the stuff.
Makes you sloppy.
What's your name?
Andrew. But you can... you can call me Andy.
Andrew. You have ID on you?
Yeah, of course.
Well, now this is a problem.
Sorry?
Your license is expired.
Oh yeah.
I've been meaning to get around to that.
And who does the truck belong to?
A buddy of mine, Bill.
You won't mind if I give Bill a call
after you and I are done talking?
Of course not.
So you mind telling me
exactly what happened here?
I hope you don't have somewhere to be.
I just started my shift.
You see, Officer, uh, my wife
peeled herself off the floor this morning,
took the car for a joyride,
and it seems she wrapped herself around
a fairly good-sized tree.
That's what I've been able
to piece together.
And she was alone?
As far as I know.
She called me, and I'm out here
just trying to clean up her mess.
See, the call we received said both you
and your wife were at the gas station.
Well, I thought it important to make sure
she didn't choke on her own vomit
before I fueled up.
Yeah,
no reason to get smart now.
I'm sorry.
It's been a pretty rough week
this morning.
Any reason you didn't call 911
or a tow truck?
To avoid conversations
like this.
You say you weren't in the car.
- No, sir.
- Then what happened to your face?
I, uh... I...
Can't answer the question?
Maybe she can
clear some of this up for us.
I wouldn't count on it.
Ma'am.
Miss.
How long has she been intoxicated?
Ten months.
Sir, I need you to explain
exactly what happened here.
- Sir.
- She left me.
Excuse me?
Things have been very bad.
Since we lost our little boy.
Our beautiful little Mateo.
He fell a long way and...
She wasn't watching him
when she should've been.
So instead of facing her guilt head on,
she... she... she crawled into a bottle.
And honestly, I don't know
if she'll ever come out of it.
So...
...you want to know why
I didn't call 911, Officer?
Because no one can save her.
Hel...
Ma'am?
Help...
me.
- Officer, she's--
- You mind stepping back for me, please?
I pulled over to help you.
And you took the car. You took the car.
You must have...
You must have... You must have...
-  Things aren't...
- You must have killed the cop.
...going quite as you planned.
You shouldn't talk.
Tomorrow's a big day. Family time.
You're dehydrated.
Your body's doing a lot of work right now.
Have you ever tried it?
No.
Of course not.
Too chickenshit to make yourself helpless.
I've been there.
Yeah, 'cause when what's-her-face died?
Chloe.
You were stuck in bed for two months.
Is that when you lost your mind?
I didn't lose my mind.
I found my clarity.
All my life, I felt disconnected.
Until those moments after the crash.
I can still see the angle of her neck.
The way the light played off
the glass in her lap.
And when I saw
that she was breathing her last breath,
I finally felt connected.
I lived that moment again and again
lying in that bed trying to figure out
if I had felt God.
And eventually,
I realized I had.
And He was me.
What did you say to her?
You told me you said something to her.
I thought it was before the crash, but...
it was after.
While she was dying, wasn't it?
What did you say?
"Thank you."
All amazings and one berry.
What?
You must love your family very much.
Your wife.
- Your daughter.
- Don't talk about my daughter.
You know deep down
you can't keep doing this.
You'll get caught.
You'll... you'll never see her again.
Stop talking.
I know what it's like to lose a child.
You don't have to.
I don't know your name.
I don't know where you live.
I said stop.
You can just leave me
on the side of the road.
Bullshit.
It's not that easy.
It's that easy.
Broken doesn't have to mean hopeless.
Remember?
I'm not fucking broken.
Change of plans, Iris.
Last stop.
It's a shame
we had to skip right to the end.
We could've had
such a nice weekend together.
At least you'll have
plenty of company down there.
As your muscles come back,
they'll be an uncoordinated mess.
You'll have small bursts
of energy like that,
but your body won't sustain them.
Why didn't you just let me do it?
Do what?
Kill yourself?
If all of this was gonna end anyway,
why did you stop me?
I didn't stop you.
You did it yourself.
All of this would have been over.
All of it.
It was fate.
You were meant for me.
Bullshit.
There is no fate.
There is no God.
There's just us.
And that means there's just you.
A sad little man without a name.
You're angry.
- Of course I'm fucking angry.
- And why is that?
Because I wanted to die.
I wanted to die.
"Wanted."
Look how far you've come.
Can you do one thing for me?
Can you get Mateo's boat?
It's in my pocket.
It's the other side.
I'm not sorry.
Thank you.
♪ You don't own me ♪
♪ I'm not just one of your many toys ♪
♪ Don't say I can't go with other boys ♪
♪ And don't tell me what to do ♪
♪ Don't tell me what to say ♪
♪ And please, when I go out with you ♪
♪ Don't put me on display 'cause ♪
♪ You don't own me ♪
♪ Don't try to change me in any way ♪
♪ Don't tie me down
'Cause I'd never stay ♪
♪ You don't own me ♪
♪ I'm not just one of your many toys ♪
♪ You don't own me
You don't own me ♪
♪ You don't own me ♪
♪ I don't tell you what to say ♪
♪ I don't tell you what to do ♪
♪ So just let me be myself ♪
♪ That's all I ask of you ♪
♪ I'm young and I love to be young ♪
♪ I'm free and I love to be free ♪
♪ To live my life the way I want ♪
♪ To say and do whatever I please ♪
♪ And don't tell me what to do ♪
♪ Don't tell me what to say ♪
♪ And please, when I go out with you ♪
♪ Don't put me on display ♪
♪ I don't tell you what to say ♪
♪ Don't tell you what to do ♪
♪ Just let me be myself ♪
♪ That's all I ask of you ♪